Finding care should not require understanding every part of the health system.
But for many people, the hardest step is knowing where to begin.
A service may exist. A licensed practitioner may be available.
Yet the path between a person and that care may still be difficult to follow.
SozoRock Health helps make that path clearer.
We help people understand practical next steps, identify appropriate resources,
and connect with licensed care where needed.
We do not diagnose, treat, or prescribe.
Licensed care stays with licensed professionals.
Our work also helps communities, institutions, and public systems understand where access breaks down—
and what can be done about it.
Through research, partnerships, and practical implementation,
SozoRock Health is working toward a simpler goal:
A clearer path to care that already exists.
SozoRock Health. An initiative of The SozoRock Foundation.